# Rho.AudioCaptureAudio capture API allows you to capture audio from the device's built in microphone or input source.## source{`Android`}Audio source.## encoder{`Android`}Encoder to compress recorded audio. In Android devices, the supported encoder type is dependent upon device hardware and vendor.## maxDuration{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}Specifies the number of milliseconds of audio to capture, defining the size of the capture buffer. This is also the maximum number of milliseconds of audio to capture when the 'start' method is called if not interrupted with the 'stop' method. The duration cannot be set to less than 1000 milliseconds, if a value of less than 1000 milliseconds is specified, the interval will be defaulted to 20000 milliseconds. The default value is 20,000 milliseconds.## fileName{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}(Required) This parameter is used to specify the file name. The file name should be set at least once before calling 'start' method, otherwise the 'start' method will update the callback 'status' as 'error'.## start{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}Map of Audio Capture properties to be set. For iOS 22kHz 16bit Mono WAV file will be created. In Android, ruby callbacks are taking 20secs to fire.## stop{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}Stop audio recording. During recording if 'stop' method is called, the status of recording will be 'ok' in the callback returning parameter of 'start' method. The file is saved in user provided location.## cancel{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}Cancel audio recording. During recording if 'cancel' method is called, the status of recording will be 'cancel' in the callback returning parameter of 'start' method. No file is saved. In android, it will delete the file if it exists.