# Rho.BarcodeThe Barcode Module provides access to control the functionality of the device's scanner. Because RhoMobile Suite is designed to run on both Consumer devices and Symbol Technologies' enterprise devices support for the Barcode API will vary for each method and properties depending on which platform you are running on. Please note that a lot these APIs are optimized for the extended functionality that Symbol Technologies devices provide. Check the platform indicators in each property or method section. In general if you are developing for a consumer device the number of symbologies available to you will be limited to just the most common ones, eg EAN13, UPCA etc and your scanning will be via the device camera. If your application is running on Symbol Technologies' hardware you will have much finer control over a more fully featured Scanner, often with a choice of scanner hardware on the device. In general if you wish to capture a single barcode in a 'one shot' use case, eg your App just wants to capture a single barcode to be submitted to a price comparison website then use Barcode.take(callback); if your application is expecting a number of barcodes to be received, common in enterprise scenarios for example a user in a warehouse then use Barcode.enable(callback). The Barcode API will not run on non-Symbol Technologies Windows Mobile / CE devices.Only the foreground application is given access to the scanning hardware, when an application is sent to the background its state will be saved and it will automatically relinquish control of the scanner. When brought back to the foreground, an application previously using the barcode API will have its previous configuration reapplied automatically.In VC70 scanner will work only if connected in SSI Mode. In  Symbol android devices, it is recommended to use EMDK for KitKat devices and not to use EMDK in JellyBean devices.## autoEnter{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`, `WP8`}When true, automatically appends the character code for 'enter' to the end of any barcodes scanned. This is useful if you want to submit forms following a scan without further interaction. This property will only take effect if you have not specified a callback to the enable method. AutoEnter and AutoTab are mutually exclusive properties.## autoTab{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}When true, automatically appends the tab character to the end of any barcodes scanned. This is useful if you are populating a form and want to jump to the next field in the form without further interaction. This property will only take effect if you have not specified a callback to the enable method. AutoTab and AutoEnter are mutually exclusive properties.## hapticFeedback{`Android`}Controls the haptic feedback on decode. This means that if this is set to true, then the device will vibrate when a decode occurs.## linearSecurityLevel{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Describes the linear security level used during decoding. This determines the number of times a barcode must be read before it is decoded. If the successive reads of the barcode do not match, it will not be decoded.## scanTimeout{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Maximum time in milliseconds that laser scanners will emit a beam or imager scanners will enable the imager. A value of 0 indicates an infinite timeout. This parameter is compatible with aimType:trigger, aimType:timedHold, aimType:timedRelease and aimType:pressAndRelease. Note that for regulatory reasons scanTimeout is not configurable on all laser / imager scanners. Scan timeout is extent to hardware capabilities and limitations.## rasterMode{`WM`}Describes the type of vertical rastering to use.## rasterHeight{`WM`}Vertical rastering height to use, as a percentage, when rasterMode:openAlways is applied. This value must be between 0 and 100.## aimType{`WM`}Describes the type of aiming to use.## timedAimDuration{`WM`}Aim duration in milliseconds for aimType:timedHold and aimType:timedRelease.## sameSymbolTimeout{`WM`}When the aimType:continuousRead property is applied this value defines the interval between which the same barcode can be decoded twice. The value is specified in milliseconds, use 0 to indicate no interval between successive reads. Use this value to prevent accidental duplicate scans.## differentSymbolTimeout{`WM`}When the aimType:continuousRead property is applied this value defines the interval between which different barcodes can be scanned. The value is specified in milliseconds, use 0 to indicate no interval between successive reads. Use this setting to allow time for the operator to re-aim the device between successive scans.## aimMode{`WM`}Defines the aiming mode to use.## picklistMode{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Allows the imager to decode only the barcode that is directly under the cross-hair / center of the reticle. This feature is most useful in applications where multiple barcodes may appear in the field of view during a decode session and only one of them is targeted for decode. When enabled picklistMode will override aimMode or, if no aiming is chosen, and use aimMode:reticle. This mode will also interact with viewfinderMode, see the EMDK for C help file for more information. Enabling picklist mode may adversely affect overall decoding performance.## viewfinderMode{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Configures the mode of the scanner viewfinder window. This attribute is not supported on all Scanners and will interact with the picklistMode parameter, see the EMDK for C help file for more information.## viewfinderX{`WM`}When scanning a barcode using a Camera scanner the viewfinder preview window will appear this number of pixels from the left hand side of the screen. The images displayed in the viewfinder will be scaled as appropriate.## viewfinderY{`WM`}When scanning a barcode using a Camera scanner the viewfinder preview window will appear this number of pixels from the top of the screen. The images displayed in the viewfinder will be scaled as appropriate.## viewfinderWidth{`WM`}When scanning a barcode using a Camera scanner the viewfinder preview window will be this number of pixels wide. The images displayed in the viewfinder will be scaled as appropriate.## viewfinderHeight{`WM`}When scanning a barcode using a Camera scanner the viewfinder preview window will be this number of pixels in height. The images displayed in the viewfinder will be scaled as appropriate.## viewfinderFeedback{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Configures the feedback given after a successful scan. This value is ignored if aimType is set to continuousRead and no feedback will be given. Not supported on Android with EMDK version 3.1 and above.## viewfinderFeedbackTime{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}If the viewfinderFeedback:enabled or viewfinderFeedback:reticle are applied then the decoded barcode will remain on the screen for this duration, specified in milliseconds. Not supported on Android with EMDK version 3.1 and above.## focusMode{`WM`}Sets the focus mode in use.## illuminationMode{`CE`, `WM`}Selects the illumination mode to use. Not currently supported on Android (illumination is always on).## dpmMode{`WM`}Allows Direct Part Marking (DPM) barcodes to be read When true, but may adversely affect overall decoding performance. DPM is a way of stamping barcodes directly on physical objects and is only available on DPM terminals.## inverse1dMode{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Allows the user to select inverse 1D barcodes for decoding.## poorQuality1dMode{`WM`}Allows poor quality 1D barcodes to be read When true, but this will adversely affect the overall decoding performance.## beamWidth{`WM`}Specifies the width of the laser beam. All devices will support normal beam widths but other widths may not be supported on your device.## dbpMode{`WM`}Describes the type of Digital Bar Pulse (DBP) being produced by the scan engine.## klasseEins{`WM`}Enables or disables the Klasse Eins laser on time function.## adaptiveScanning{`WM`}Enables or disables adaptive scanning. When set to true, the scan engine will automatically toggle between 2 scan angles, wide and narrow, allowing the scan engine to decode barcodes both in close proximity and far away (~100 inches). Adaptive scanning is only supported in high performance, long working range scan engines such as SE960.## bidirectionalRedundancy{`WM`}Enables or disables bidirectional redundancy.## barcodeDataFormat{`WM`}Specifies the format in which the barcode data is returned, binary data is returned in Data URI format with the appropriate mime type. This parameter is designed to be used primarily with image based symbologies (eg. Signature). Binary data will not be output as keystrokes, you must set a decode callback in order to receive scanned data.## dataBufferSize{`WM`}Specifies the number of bytes allocated to receive the scanned barcode. This parameter is designed to be used primarily with image based symbologies and should not be modified unless absolutely necessary (eg. Signature).## connectionIdleTimeout{`WM`}Specifies the time, in seconds, that an external scanner will be allowed to remain idle before the connection is terminated to conserve power.## disconnectBtOnDisable{`WM`}Forces the scanner to disconnect from the terminal when it is 'disabled'. Since the scanner is disabled when you navigate to a new page, set this value to false if you want to maintain the bluetooth connection to your remote scanner.## displayBtAddressBarcodeOnEnable{`WM`}If set to true the bluetooth address will be displayed as a barcode on the screen during the pairing process, initiated by calling 'enable' on a bluetooth scanner. Not all devices support this functionality. Note you must specify this parameter before or within the call to 'enable'.## enableTimeout{`WM`}Configures the time (in seconds) allowed to pair with the external bluetooth scanner after calling the 'enable()' method. You must specify this parameter before calling 'enable' to change the default.## friendlyName{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Returns the friendly name associated with the scanner.## lcdMode{`Android`}Controls whether LCD Mode is enabled on the scanner. LCD Mode makes it easier to scan barcodes off of LCD screens (like mobile device screens)## lowBatteryScan{`WM`}Set to false to disable scanning when the battery is low / critical or set to true to enable it.## triggerConnected{`WM`}Only applies to an enabled laser or imaging scanner. Disconnecting the trigger will prevent the scan beam from being emitted, this can temporarily prevent a user from scanning without having to disable the scanner, which can take longer. By default the trigger will be connected when the scanner is first enabled, you do not have to connect it separately. Please note that disconnecting the trigger will also prevent the start method from emitting a laser. This property will only affect the scanner and will have no effect on the 'captureTrigger' API.## disableScannerDuringNavigate{`WM`}By default if you have enabled the Scanner on a page, through either JavaScript or Ruby and navigate to a new page the Scanner will automatically disable. To override this behavior you can set this option to false and once enabled the Scanner will remain so in the foreground application until you disable it.## decodeVolume{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}The volume of the device beeper when a barcode is scanned. Volume specified using 0 to 5, with 5 being the loudest. The value of 0 is device dependent, some Windows Mobile / CE devices interpret this as the quietest volume; if you wish to completely disable the beeper on scan please set decodeSound to an empty or invalid sound file.## decodeDuration{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}The duration of the device beeper when a barcode is scanned, in milliseconds.## decodeFrequency{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}The frequency of the device beeper when a barcode is successfully decoded. This should be within the range of the beeper but the API will accept values in the range 0 to 65535.## invalidDecodeFrequency{`WM`}The frequency of the device beeper when a barcode is scanned but not successfully decoded. This should be within the range of the beeper but the API will accept values in the range 0 to 65535.## decodeSound{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Path to a local wave file to be played when the scanner successfully decodes a barcode. This setting overrides the scanner beeper. In Android, this settings will not override beeper and hence not supported.## invalidDecodeSound{`WM`}Path to a local wave file to be played when a barcode is scanned but not successfully decoded. This setting overrides the scanner beeper.## scannerType{`Android`, `CE`, `WIN32`, `WP8`, `WM`}The type of scanner in use, will be one of 'Camera', 'Imager' or 'Laser'. Camera scanners capture and process an image taken via the devices camera. Imager scanners rely on capturing and processing an image of the barcode via dedicated scanning hardware. Both camera and imager scanners are capable of decoding 1D and 2D barcodes. Laser scanners are only capable of decoding 1D barcodes and rely on a sweeping laser.## allDecoders{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}When set to true, the barcode scanner will read all barcode types that the scanner is capable of reading. When set to false, the barcode scanner will not be able to decode any symbologies, this is most useful if you want to set the scanner to a default state before only enabling your required symbologies. The fewer symbologies that are enabled the faster the decoding performance of the scanning engine will be. This property will return true only if all supported symbologies by the scanner are enabled, if only a subset of supported symbologies are enabled then false will be returned. Note that some decoders will not be enabled as some symbologies use the same systems to encode data, making it impossible to differentiate between them. For example: "canpostal" and "auspostal" both use a 4-state system, so devices will only enable either "canpostal" OR "auspostal" when "alldecoders" is enabled. Note that other symbologies also share the 4-state system.## aztec{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for Aztec barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## chinese2of5{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for Chinese 2of5 barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## codabar{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for Codabar barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## codabarClsiEditing{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables Codabar CLSi formatting when set to true.## codabarMaxLength{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Specifies the maximum number of allowable characters in a Codabar barcode. If your application only expects barcode lengths in a certain range, reducing the allowed range can improve scanning performance. Allowed values are 0 to 55.## codabarMinLength{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Specifies the minimum number of allowable characters in a Codabar barcode. If your application only expects barcode lengths in a certain range, reducing the allowed range can improve scanning performance. Allowed values are 0 to 55.## codabarNotisEditing{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables Codabar NotisEditing formatting when set to true.## codabarRedundancy{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Sets the Codabar Redundancy property, if set the barcode must be decoded twice before being accepted. This will slow scanning but improve reliability.## code11{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for Code11 barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## code11checkDigitCount{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Specifies whether to verify 0, 1 or 2 check digits.## code11maxLength{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Specifies the maximum number of allowable characters in a Code 11 barcode. If your application only expects barcode lengths in a certain range, reducing the allowed range can improve scanning performance. Allowed values are 0 to 55.## code11minLength{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Specifies the minimum number of allowable characters in a Code 11 barcode. If your application only expects barcode lengths in a certain range, reducing the allowed range can improve scanning performance. Allowed values are 0 to 55.## code11redundancy{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Sets the Code 11 Redundancy property, if set the barcode must be decoded twice before being accepted. This will slow scanning but improve reliability.## code11reportCheckDigit{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}When true, the barcode check digit(s) will be reported for scanned Code 11 barcodes.## code128{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for Code128 barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## code128checkIsBtTable{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}When true, decodes concatenated Code128 output only if the pair belongs to one of the commonly concatenated pairs as defined by the standard.## code128ean128{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}When true, barcodes with the EAN128 subtype property set will be read.## code128isbt128{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}When true, barcodes with the isbt128 subtype property set will be read.## code128isbt128ConcatMode{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Sets the Code128 ISBT concatenation mode property. This feature allows a pair of barcodes which meet certain criteria defined in the ISBT128 spec to be reported as a single barcode. This parameter describes the different concatenation modes available for ISBT128.## code128maxLength{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Specifies the maximum number of allowable characters in a Code 128 barcode. If your application only expects barcode lengths in a certain range, reducing the allowed range can improve scanning performance. Allowed values are 0 to 55.## code128minLength{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Specifies the minimum number of allowable characters in a Code 128 barcode. If your application only expects barcode lengths in a certain range, reducing the allowed range can improve scanning performance. Allowed values are 0 to 55.## code128other128{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Sets the other 128 property which enables the non EAN and non ISBT 128 subtype.## code128redundancy{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Sets the Code 128 Redundancy property, if set the barcode must be decoded twice before being accepted. This will slow scanning but improve reliability.## code128securityLevel{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Sets the Code 128 security level and accepts a value between 0 and 3 inclusive. 0: Allows the scanner to operate in its most aggressive state, while providing sufficient security in decoding most 'in-spec' barcodes. 1: Eliminates most mis-decodes. 2: Select this option if security level 1 fails to eliminate mis-decodes. 3: Select this option if security level 1 and 2 fail to eliminate mis-decodes. Be advised that selecting level 3 is an extreme measure against mis-decoding and will significantly impair the decoding ability of the scanner.## compositeAb{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for Composite AB barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## compositeAbUccLinkMode{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Describes whether UCC link mode is enabled.## compositeAbUseUpcPreambleCheckDigitRules{`WM`}This setting causes the UPC rules specified in the UPC EAN parameters to be used when reporting composite decode data.## compositeC{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for Composite C barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## code39{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for Code 39 barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## code39code32Prefix{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables reporting of the Code32 prefix when a Code39 barcode is converted.## code39convertToCode32{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables conversion from Code39 to Code 32 barcodes, when set the decoded barcode is converted to Code 32.## code39fullAscii{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables full ASCII conversion of Code 39 barcodes.## code39maxLength{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Specifies the maximum number of allowable characters in a Code 39 barcode. If your application only expects barcode lengths in a certain range, reducing the allowed range can improve scanning performance. Allowed values are 0 to 55.## code39minLength{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Specifies the minimum number of allowable characters in a Code 39 barcode. If your application only expects barcode lengths in a certain range, reducing the allowed range can improve scanning performance. Allowed values are 0 to 55.## code39redundancy{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Sets the Code 39 Redundancy property, if set the barcode must be decoded twice before being accepted. This will slow scanning but improve reliability.## code39reportCheckDigit{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables reporting of the Code 39 check digit when a Code 39 barcode is scanned.## code39securityLevel{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Sets the Code 128 security level and accepts a value between 0 and 3 inclusive. 0: This setting allows the scanner to operate in its most aggressive state, while providing sufficient security in decoding most 'in-spec' barcodes. 1: This setting eliminates most mis-decodes. 2: Select this option if security level 1 fails to eliminate mis-decodes. 3: Select this option if security level 1 and 2 fail to eliminate mis-decodes. Be advised that selecting level 3 is an extreme measure against mis-decoding and will significantly impair the decoding ability of the scanner.## code39verifyCheckDigit{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Turns on verification of the Code 39 check digit.## code93{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for Code 93 barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## code93maxLength{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Specifies the maximum number of allowable characters in a Code 93 barcode. If your application only expects barcode lengths in a certain range, reducing the allowed range can improve scanning performance. Allowed values are 0 to 55.## code93minLength{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Specifies the minimum number of allowable characters in a Code 93 barcode. If your application only expects barcode lengths in a certain range, reducing the allowed range can improve scanning performance. Allowed values are 0 to 55.## code93redundancy{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Sets the Code 93 Redundancy property, if set the barcode must be decoded twice before being accepted. This will slow scanning but improve reliability.## d2of5{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for D2of5 barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## d2of5maxLength{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Specifies the maximum number of allowable characters in a D2of5 barcode. If your application only expects barcode lengths in a certain range, reducing the allowed range can improve scanning performance. Allowed values are 0 to 55.## d2of5minLength{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Specifies the minimum number of allowable characters in a D2of5 barcode. If your application only expects barcode lengths in a certain range, reducing the allowed range can improve scanning performance. Allowed values are 0 to 55.## d2of5redundancy{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Sets the D2of5 Redundancy property, if set the barcode must be decoded twice before being accepted. This will slow scanning but improve reliability.## datamatrix{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for Datamatrix barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## ean13{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for EAN 13 barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## ean8{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for EAN 8 barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## ean8convertToEan13{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}When true, EAN 8 barcodes will be converted to EAN 13 and EAN 13 parameters used.## i2of5{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for I2of5 barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## i2of5convertToEan13{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}When true, EAN 8 barcodes will be converted to EAN 13 and EAN 13 parameters used.## i2of5maxLength{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Specifies the maximum number of allowable characters in a I2of5 barcode. If your application only expects barcode lengths in a certain range, reducing the allowed range can improve scanning performance. Allowed values are 0 to 55.## i2of5minLength{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Specifies the minimum number of allowable characters in a I2of5 barcode. If your application only expects barcode lengths in a certain range, reducing the allowed range can improve scanning performance. Allowed values are 0 to 55.## i2of5redundancy{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Sets the I2of5 Redundancy property, if set the barcode must be decoded twice before being accepted. This will slow scanning but improve reliability.## i2of5reportCheckDigit{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}When true, the barcode check digit(s) will be reported for scanned I2of5 barcodes.## i2of5verifyCheckDigit{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables the verification of the I2of5 check digit.## korean3of5{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for Korean 3of5 barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## korean3of5redundancy{`WM`}Sets Korean 3of5 Redundancy property, if set the barcode must be decoded twice before being accepted. This will slow scanning but improve reliability.## korean3of5maxLength{`WM`}Specifies the maximum number of allowable characters in a Korean 3of5 barcode. If your application only expects barcode lengths in a certain range, reducing the allowed range can improve scanning performance. Allowed values are 0 to 55.## korean3of5minLength{`WM`}Specifies the minimum number of allowable characters in a Korean 3of5 barcode. If your application only expects barcode lengths in a certain range, reducing the allowed range can improve scanning performance. Allowed values are 0 to 55.## macroPdf{`WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for Macro PDF barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## macroPdfBufferLabels{`WM`}When true, the scanner driver will return  he barcode data only after the complete macroPdf sequence has been read. If false, the scan driver will return each barcode in the macroPdf sequence as it is read.## macroPdfConvertToPdf417{`WM`}If true, MacroPDF barcodes will be converted to PDF417 codes.## macroPdfExclusive{`WM`}If true, the scanner driver will not complete read requests while in the middle of a macroPdf sequence. Once a macroPdf sequence has been started it must be completed or canceled before the scan driver will complete other read requests.## macroMicroPdf{`WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for MacroMicroPDF barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## macroMicroPdfBufferLabels{`WM`}If true, the scanner driver will return the barcode data only after the complete macroMicroPdf sequence has been read. If false, the scanner driver will return each barcode in the macroMicroPdf sequence as it is read.## macroMicroPdfConvertToMicroPdf{`WM`}If true, MacroMicroPDF barcodes will be converted to MicroPDF codes.## macroMicroPdfExclusive{`WM`}If true, the scanner driver will not complete read requests while in the middle of a macroMicroPdf sequence. Once a macroMicroPdf sequence has been started it must be completed or canceled before the scan driver will complete other read requests.## macroMicroPdfReportAppendInfo{`WM`}If true, the appended info is concatenated to the decoded data before being returned.## matrix2of5{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for Matrix 2of5 barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## matrix2of5maxLength{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Specifies the maximum number of allowable characters in a Matrix 2of5 barcode. If your application only expects barcode lengths in a certain range, reducing the allowed range can improve scanning performance. Allowed values are 0 to 55.## matrix2of5minLength{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Specifies the minimum number of allowable characters in a Matrix 2of5 barcode. If your application only expects barcode lengths in a certain range, reducing the allowed range can improve scanning performance. Allowed values are 0 to 55.## matrix2of5reportCheckDigit{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}When true, the barcode check digit(s) will be reported for scanned Matrix 2of5 barcodes.## matrix2of5verifyCheckDigit{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables verification of the Matrix 2of5 symbology check digit.## maxiCode{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for Maxicode barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## microPdf{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for Micro PDF barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## microQr{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for Micro QR barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## msi{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for MSI barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## msiCheckDigits{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Sets the number of MSI check digits to use.## msiCheckDigitScheme{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Specifies the check digit scheme used to verify MSI barcodes.## msiMaxLength{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Specifies the maximum number of allowable characters in a MSI barcode. If your application only expects barcode lengths in a certain range, reducing the allowed range can improve scanning performance. Allowed values are 0 to 55.## msiMinLength{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Specifies the minimum number of allowable characters in a MSI barcode. If your application only expects barcode lengths in a certain range, reducing the allowed range can improve scanning performance. Allowed values are 0 to 55.## msiRedundancy{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Sets the MSI Redundancy property, if set the barcode must be decoded twice before being accepted. This will slow scanning but improve reliability.## msiReportCheckDigit{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}When true, the barcode check digit(s) will be reported for scanned MSI barcodes.## pdf417{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for PDF 417 barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## signature{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for Signature barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance. Signature barcodes return their data in Data URI format, it is recommended you adjust the dataBufferSize and barcodeDataFormat properties when scanning Signature barcodes.## signatureImageHeight{`WM`}Specifies the output height of the captured signature barcode. Signature barcodes return their data in Data URI format, it is recommended you adjust the dataBufferSize and barcodeDataFormat properties when scanning Signature barcodes. Provide a number greater than or equal to 20.## signatureImageWidth{`WM`}Specifies the output width of the captured signature barcode. Signature barcodes return their data in Data URI format, it is recommended you adjust the dataBufferSize and barcodeDataFormat properties when scanning Signature barcodes. Provide a number greater than or equal to 20.## signatureImageQuality{`WM`}Specifies the output quality of the captured signature barcode. Signature barcodes return their data in Data URI format, it is recommended you adjust the dataBufferSize and barcodeDataFormat properties when scanning Signature barcodes. Provide a value between 10 and 100 inclusive.## ausPostal{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for Australian Postal barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## canPostal{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for Canadian Postal barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## dutchPostal{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for Dutch Postal barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## japPostal{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for Japanese Postal barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## ukPostal{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for UK Postal barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## ukPostalReportCheckDigit{`Android`}When true, the barcode check digit(s) will be reported for scanned UK Postal barcodes.## us4state{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for US 4-State barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## us4stateFics{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for US 4-State FICS barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## usPlanet{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for US Planet barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## usPlanetReportCheckDigit{`Android`}When true, the barcode check digit(s) will be reported for scanned US Planet barcodes.## usPostNet{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for US Post Net barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## usPostNetReportCheckDigit{`Android`}When true, the barcode check digit(s) will be reported for scanned US Post Net barcodes.## qrCode{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for QR Code barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## gs1dataBar{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for GS1 DataBar barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance. This symbology was previously known as rss.## gs1dataBarExpanded{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for GS1 Databar Expanded barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance. This symbology was previously known as rssExp.## gs1dataBarLimited{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for GS1 Databar Limited barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance. This symbology was previously known as rssLim.## tlc39{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for TLC 39 barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## trioptic39{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for Trioptic 39 barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## trioptic39Redundancy{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Sets the Trioptic 39 Redundancy property, if set the barcode must be decoded twice before being accepted. This will slow scanning but improve reliability.## upcEanBookland{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables decoding of UPC EAN Bookland barcodes.## upcEanBooklandFormat{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Specifies the bookland format to use when decoding UPC EAN Bookland barcodes.## upcEanConvertGs1dataBarToUpcEan{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}If true, RSS barcodes will be converted to UPC/EAN format. For this setting to work UPC/EAN symbologies must be enabled.## upcEanCoupon{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables decoding of UPC EAN Coupon barcodes.## upcEanLinearDecode{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Sets the linear decode property.## upcEanRandomWeightCheckDigit{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}When true, enables random weight check digit verification.## upcEanRetryCount{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Sets the retry count for auto-discriminating for supplementals. The value must be between 2 - 20 inclusive.## upcEanSecurityLevel{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Sets the Security level for decoding UPC EAN barcodes and accepts a value between 0 and 3 inclusive. 0: This setting allows the scanner to operate in its most aggressive state, while providing sufficient security in decoding most 'in-spec' barcodes. 1: This setting eliminates most mis-decodes. 2: Select this option if security level 1 fails to eliminate mis-decodes. 3: Select this option if security level 1 and 2 fail to eliminate mis-decodes. Be advised that selecting level 3 is an extreme measure against mis-decoding and will significantly impair the decoding ability of the scanner.## upcEanSupplemental2{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}When true, enables the supplemental barcode decoding. Note you must have upcEanSupplementalMode:always set for this parameter to take effect.## upcEanSupplemental5{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}When true, enables the supplemental barcode decoding. Note you must have upcEanSupplementalMode:always set for this parameter to take effect.## upcEanSupplementalMode{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Describes the UPC EAN Supplemental mode.## upca{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for UPCA barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## upcaPreamble{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Controls the preamble applied to the UPCA barcode.## upcaReportCheckDigit{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}When true, the barcode check digit(s) will be reported for scanned UPCA barcodes.## upce0{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for UPCE0 barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## upce0convertToUpca{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}When true, scanned UPCE0 barcodes will be converted to UPCA and UPCA parameters used.## upce0preamble{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Controls the preamble applied to the UPCE0 barcode.## upce0reportCheckDigit{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}When true, the barcode check digit(s) will be reported for scanned UPCE0 barcodes.## upce1{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for UPCE1 barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance.## upce1convertToUpca{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}When true, scanned UPCE1 barcodes will be converted to UPCA and UPCA parameters used.## upce1preamble{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Controls the preamble applied to the UPCE1 barcode.## upce1reportCheckDigit{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}When true, the barcode check digit(s) will be reported for scanned UPCE1 barcodes.## webcode{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Enables or disables the symbology for Webcode barcodes. If your application does not expect to scan this symbology you should disable it to improve scanning performance. Deprecated in Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean).## webcodeDecodeGtSubtype{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}If true, the GT Webcode subtype will be decoded. Deprecated in Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean).## rsmModelNumber{`WM`}Ring scanner model number.## rsmSerialNumber{`WM`}Ring scanner serial number.## rsmDateOfManufacture{`WM`}Ring scanner date of manufacture as DDMMYY.## rsmDateOfService{`WM`}Ring scanner date of service as DDMMYY.## rsmBluetoothAddress{`WM`}Bluetooth address as FF:FF:FF:FF:FF:FF where FF is a hex number.## rsmFirmwareVersion{`WM`}Scanner's operating system version.## rsmDeviceClass{`WM`}The device class of the ring scanner.## rsmBatteryStatus{`WM`}Indicates the status of the remote scanner's battery, will be one of 'unknown', 'full', 'medium', 'empty', 'chargingFullRate', 'chargingHalfRate', 'chargingTrickle' or 'discharging'## rsmBatteryCapacity{`WM`}The remaining capacity of the battery, in the range 0 to 100. 'unknown' will be returned if the capacity could not be determined, for example if the scanner had no battery.## rsmBatteryId{`WM`}One of 'simple', 'double', 'disabled' or 'unknown'## rsmBluetoothAuthentication{`WM`}True if authentication is required.## rsmBluetoothEncryption{`WM`}True if encryption is required.## rsmBluetoothPinCode{`WM`}Up to 5 character PIN code used for Bluetooth authentication.## rsmBluetoothPinCodeType{`WM`}'UseStored' will use the PIN code stored in the memory of the ring scanner, by default '12345'. 'PromptUser' indicates that the ring scanner should be used to scan 5 alpha numeric barcodes to define the PIN, eg. "1", "2", "3", "4", "5" (for PIN 12345). This parameter is not saved permanently on the ring scanner.## rsmBluetoothReconnectionAttempts{`WM`}How long the scanner tries to re-establish connection if it goes out of range, in seconds. This value must be a multiple of 5 and in the range 30 to 60 seconds.## rsmBluetoothBeepOnReconnectAttempt{`WM`}When true, scanner will emit 5 beeps every 5 seconds whilst re-connection in progress.## rsmBluetoothHidAutoReconnect{`WM`}'neverReconnect', 'reconnectOnData' or 'reconnectImmediately'## rsmBluetoothFriendlyName{`WM`}Friendly Bluetooth name, e.g. 'MyBTScanner'## rsmBluetoothInquiryMode{`WM`}To use a general inquiry mode, 'general' else, 'limited'## rsmBluetoothAutoReconnect{`WM`}Bluetooth reconnection scheme.## rsmForceSavePairingBarcode{`WM`}Force saving the barcode assigned to the device to which the scanner has been paired.## rsmLowBatteryIndication{`WM`}Whether or not the ring scanner should give a low battery indication.## rsmLowBatteryIndicationCycle{`WM`}Low battery indication cycle time, in seconds. Must be one of 15, 30, 60, 90 or 120.## rsmScanLineWidth{`WM`}The laser scan line width, 'wide' or 'narrow'.## rsmGoodScansDelay{`WM`}Delay between good scans in proximity continuous mode, measured in milliseconds. Range 0 to 15000. This value must be a multiple of 100.## rsmDecodeFeedback{`WM`}If true, the remote scanner beeps and illuminates its green LED on a successful decode.## rsmIgnoreCode128Usps{`WM`}Feature for ignoring Code 128 barcodes beginning with 420 and 421.## rsmScanTriggerWakeup{`WM`}Scanner trigger will wakeup the device from a low power state.## rsmMems{`WM`}If you press the trigger on an RSM scanner, proximity enabled will be turned off, even though it still reports its self as being turned on if you query the property. In order to use ProximityEnable you need to also have Mems enabled, this is the motion sensor and if you disable Mems the scanner will not function.## rsmProximityEnable{`WM`}If you press the trigger on an RSM scanner, proximity enabled will be turned off, even though it still reports its self as being turned on if you query the property. In order to use ProximityEnable you need to also have Mems enabled, this is the motion sensor and if you disable Mems the scanner will not function.## rsmProximityContinuous{`WM`}Proximity continuous mode.## rsmProximityDistance{`WM`}Specify the distance for the proximity feature as 'short', 'medium' or 'long' ## rsmPagingEnable{`WM`}Specify whether paging the device is enabled.## rsmPagingBeepSequence{`WM`}Range 0 to 15 to specify the pattern for the paging beep sequence.## enumerate{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`, `WP8`}Used to gain access to all scanner objects present on the device. For consumer devices you will most likely only have a single scanner, your device's camera but Enterprise grade hardware may have two or more scanners attached.## enable{`CE`, `Android`, `WM`}Enabling the scanner puts it in a state where it will respond to the trigger (on devices with a hardware trigger) or will accept a command to initiate a soft scan (start method). Scanned barcodes will be available to the application through the callback provided to this method. Only one scanner on the device can be enabled at any one time, to switch between the imager and camera scanners (for example) then first disable the currently enabled scanner. If you do not specify a callback to this method you will received the scanned data as keystrokes. Note that it is necessary to enable the scanner on WM/CE devices prior to being able to retrieve the state of properties.## registerBluetoothStatus{`WM`}If you are using an RS507 barcode scanner you can register to receive connected or disconnected events through this method.## start{`CE`, `Android`, `WM`}Performs a soft trigger start, initiating a scan without pressing the hardware trigger. If the scan does not result in a decode it is necessary to perform a soft stop before another soft start.## stop{`CE`, `Android`, `WM`}Performs a soft trigger stop.## disable{`CE`, `Android`, `WM`}Disables the barcode scanner. This reverts the scanner to its default state and flushes any current decoder settings.## barcode_recognize{`Android`, `iOS`}Recognizes a barcode on an image. Returns a string with recognized code, or empty string if the barcode is not recognized.## getSupportedProperties{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Return array of properties supported by this scanner.## take{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`, `WP8`}Enable the scanner and start capturing the barcode automatically. On Symbol Technologies' devices the amount of time to scan the barcode is defined by the scanTimeout property. On iPhone and Android if a barcode is found, the user can confirm barcode recognition, or continue to try to recognize the barcode. When the user confirms or cancels, the callback is called. Once the callback has been called the barcode hardware is disabled.This method will work only on scanners which support soft scan.## take_barcode{`WP8`, `iOS`}Deprecated old method for Barcode.take().## commandRemoteScanner{`WM`}Instruct the connected RS507 scanner to perform some action.