# Rho.BatteryThe Battery API is used to notify the user of the remaining power in the battery. Windows Mobile / CE devices also support displaying a small indicator to show the available power.## refreshInterval{`CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}A callback to retrieve the battery strength can be specified to occur periodically with the batteryStatus method. This value specifies the periodicity of the callback as well as the update frequency of the battery icon, if shown. Setting this value to zero will disable the batteryStatus callback. Note that most platforms will not support periodic updates to the battery level, this is only supported on Windows Mobile / CE / Embedded.## tripDuration{`Android`, `CE`}Supported only by the MC18 device. Sets the desired working time (in minutes) out of the cradle, which is used in subsequent power-related calculations. If set to 0, the driver default value of 45 minutes will be used.## averageCurrentConsumption{`Android`, `CE`}Supported only by the MC18 device. Sets an average current consumption (in mA) that is used in subsequent power-related calculations. If set to 0, the value will be provided by the device driver based on the running average.## batteryStatus{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}Retrieve the current battery level. If a callback is provided to retrieve the battery then it will be called periodically at a frequency determined by the trigger property.## stopBatteryStatus{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}If the battery status is being retrieved via callback by a previously invoked call to batteryStatus, this method will stop the callback from firing.## smartBatteryStatus{`WM`}Returns the various parameters relating to battery charge and battery hardware. Not all return values may be supported by all batteries.## batteryDiagnostics{`Android`, `CE`}The BatteryDiagnostics method returns parameters for further battery analysis. Not all return values will be supported by all batteries. Any parameters that cannot be retrieved will return 'undefined'. In Android, Currently supported only on the MC18 device## showIcon{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Overlays a small battery icon on top of the view indicating the remaining battery strength. This is particularly useful in full screen applications that cover the system battery level indicator.## hideIcon{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Hide the icon if it has been previously set by the 'showIcon' call.