# Rho.CameraThe Camera API provides access to the device camera(s). Use this API to give users the ability to take a photo via one of the cameras and return it to the application. Photos can either be stored on the device as an image file or returned as a DataURI object for storage and/or display. Optionally, image files also can be transfered to online storage using the Network API.## cameraType{`CE`, `UWP`, `WM`, `iOS`, `Android`}This property is device specific. The value for this property can be either 'back' or 'front' in the case of Android/iOS/WP8 devices.In the case of WM/CE it could be either 'imager' or 'color'. WM/CE devices will use 'color'as default and if color camera not available the default value will be 'imager'. Android/iOS/WP8 devices will use 'back'as default and if back camera not available the default value will be 'front',
				This Property shall return one among the values mentioned in constant section which starts with CAMERA_TYPE_...
				## maxWidth{`CE`, `UWP`, `WM`, `iOS`, `Android`}The maximum width of images which can be captured. This is measured in pixels. On WM/CE devices this is applicable only for color camera. Imager does not support this property.## maxHeight{`CE`, `UWP`, `WM`, `iOS`, `Android`}The maximum height of images which can be captured. This is measured in pixels. On WM/CE devices this is applicable only for color camera. Imager does not support this property.## supportedSizeList{`CE`, `UWP`, `WM`, `iOS`, `Android`}List of resolutions (width and height in pixels) supported by the camera. On WM/CE devices this feature is supported only by color camera and it is not supported by imager. Refer example section for more details.## desiredWidth{`CE`, `UWP`, `WM`, `iOS`, `Android`}Camera hardware is limited to taking photos in a finite number of resolutions, eg 2048x1536, 640x480 etc. Specifying a desiredWidth will request to take the photo with the specified width but if it is not supported by the hardware then the closest match will be selected. The callback received when a photo is taken contains the actual resolution of the captured photo.## desiredHeight{`CE`, `UWP`, `WM`, `iOS`, `Android`}Camera hardware is limited to taking photos in a finite number of resolutions, eg 2048x1536, 640x480 etc. Specifying a desiredHeight will request to take the photo with the specified height but if it is not supported by the hardware then the closest match will be selected. The callback received when a photo is taken contains the actual resolution of the captured photo.## fileName{`CE`, `UWP`, `WM`, `iOS`, `Android`}The image file path without file extension to store captured image in subsequent calls to takePicture() or capture(). Default filename will be IMG_timestamp and will be saved under root directory. The filename extension will be added automatically according to compressionFormat property value.
				In UWP, only filename can be changed, by default the path shall be under picture=>CameraRoll## compressionFormat{`CE`, `UWP`, `WM`, `iOS`, `Android`}The format of the captured image in subsequent calls to takePicture(). If you do not define this property when you use choose_picture with iOS, the type of image in Gallery will be recognized, and the same format will be used for saving the image to applications data. In windows and WP8 devices the format will be always jpg type.
				This Property shall accept/return one among the values mentioned in constant section which starts with COMPRESSION_FORMAT_...
				## outputFormat{`CE`, `UWP`, `WM`, `iOS`, `Android`}Specifies the way to return the captured image to the application.
				This Property shall accept/return one among the values mentioned in constant section which starts with OUTPUT_FORMAT_...## colorModel{`iOS`, `Android`}Where supported by the hardware this property can be used to select whether to capture a color or a grayscale image.
				This Property shall accept/return one among the values mentioned in constant section which starts with COLOR_MODEL_...## enableEditing{`iOS`}Enables post photo capture image customizing; image will captured reduced to screen size (not full size of camera sensor).## flashMode{`CE`, `UWP`, `WM`, `iOS`, `Android`}Specifies the flash behavior when taking a picture.
				This Property shall accept/return one among the values mentioned in constant section which starts with FLASH_...## saveToDeviceGallery{`Android`, `iOS`}If true, the picture you take will be added to the device photo gallery.## captureSound{`CE`, `WM`, `Android`}Path to a sound file resident on the device which will be played when the image is captured.## previewLeft{`CE`, `WM`}In cases where the resident camera application on the device is not used this API is used to control the position of the viewfinder preview window when taking a photo.## previewTop{`CE`, `WM`}In cases where the resident camera application on the device is not used this API is used to control the position of the viewfinder preview window when taking a photo.## previewWidth{`CE`, `WM`}In cases where the resident camera application on the device is not used this API is used to control the position of the viewfinder preview window when taking a photo.## previewHeight{`CE`, `WM`}In cases where the resident camera application on the device is not used this API is used to control the position of the viewfinder preview window when taking a photo.## useSystemViewfinder{`Android`}Setting the value of this property to "true", shall open the System ViewFinder with its properties. Applicable to takePicture() and choosePicture() both. None of the Rho camera properties shall be applicable except desiredWidth and desiredHeight (desired size aplly if useRealBitmapResize enabled).## useRealBitmapResize{`Android`}Setting the value of this property to "true", shall use real resize captured or selected Image and scale image exactly to desired size (with keep aspect ratio). For example 3000x2000 with desired 1500x1500 will be resized to 1500x1000.## useRotationBitmapByEXIF{`Android`}Setting the value of this property to "true", shall use rotation captured Bitmap by EXIF Info. It is actual for Samsung devices - they do not rotate captured images but just add EXIF info about rotation. Default loader do not apply this info. If this property is true then Rhodes rotate image and save rotated  without EXIF rotate info.## aimMode{`CE`, `WM`}Specifies the aim behaviour when taking a picture. Applicable only for imager module.
				This Property shall accept/return one among the values mentioned in constant section which starts with AIM_...## enumerate{`CE`, `UWP`, `WM`, `iOS`, `Android`}Returns the cameras present on your device, allowing you to access your device's front or back camera.## getCameraByType{`CE`, `UWP`, `WM`, `iOS`, `Android`}Returns the camera of requested type if that camera exist - else return nil.## takePicture{`CE`, `UWP`, `WM`, `iOS`, `Android`}
                  Start the camera application to take a picture. The user can capture the displayed image by interacting with the resident camera app. In Windows, this method always shows the preview in full screen and user can use the native button to capture the image.
                  When you use 'outputFormat' is 'image' captured image will be saved into file and you should control this file by self - remove it if you do not use it anymore etc.
                  On UWP,wm when 'outputFormat' is 'image' then imageUri/image_uri shall have only Image name with \ sign, on UWP ImageName shall be suffixed by DTF when 'outputFormat' is 'image'
                  > Note: To display an image, it is recommended that you use the full path to the image instead of a relative path. To do this, you can use the [`expandDatabaseBlobFilePath`](Application#mexpandDatabaseBlobFilePath) method of the [Application module](Application) as such:

                  ##### Ruby
                  :::ruby
                  Rho::RhoApplication.expandDatabaseBlobFilePath(x.image_uri)

                  ##### JavaScript
                  :::js
                  Rho.RhoApplication.expandDatabaseBlobFilePath(x.image_uri)
                ## showPreview{`CE`, `WM`}Shows the preview in user configurable viewer window.## hidePreview{`CE`, `WM`}Hides the preview opened by using showPreview.## capture{`CE`, `WM`}Capture the image and save it to a file.## choosePicture{`CE`, `UWP`, `WM`, `iOS`, `Android`}Choose a picture from the album.## copyImageToDeviceGallery{`Android`, `iOS`}Save an image to the device gallery.