# Rho.CardReaderThe Card Reader module decodes the card data when read through a card reader attachment. Currently this is available only on Symbol Technologies devices.Only the foreground application is given access to the card reader hardware, when an application is sent to the background its state will be saved and it will automatically relinquish control of the card reader. When brought back to the foreground, an application previously using the card reader will have its previous configuration (eg. pinTimeout) reapplied to the card reader automatically.## pinTimeout{`WM`}PIN entry timeout in milliseconds. A value of 65535 sets the timeout to infinite. Accepts values between 0 and 65535.## pinEntry{`WM`}Turns the PIN entry on or off.## panData{`WM`}Sets the card data without the need of a swipe. This accepts any 16 digit number as the string value. Ensure that pinEntry is true before getting the property of panData.## autoTab{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}When enabled, appends a tab to any data returned as keystrokes by the cardreader. This is useful when filling out a form so that you can move to the next field without extra interaction necessary.## autoEnter{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}When enabled, appends a carriage return to any data returned as keystrokes by the cardreader. This is useful for auto submitting returned data without extra interaction necessary.## moduleName{`WM`}This method is present to provide backwards compatibility with PocketBrowser code, devices supported by RhoElements will have a single card reader driver installed as part of the platform. If the device has multiple card reader drivers installed this parameter is used to select which driver to use. The drivers present are output in the log file when the card reader is initialized. This parameter is also used to distinguish between an MSR and a DCR, e.g. if you attach a DCR7000 to your device you can specify that only the MSR functionality is used by specifying this parameter as 'MSR7000'.## open{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Opens the card reader.## close{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Closes the card reader.## enumerate{`WM`, `Android`}Enumerates all the available card readers.