# Rho.DatabaseDatabase is low-level API to access SQLite local database.## initialize{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}This method is a constructor for this class. Instead of saying Rho.Database.initialize(dbPath,dbPartition) you would use new Rho.Database(dbPath,dbPartition). ex: `var db = new Rho.Database(Rho.Application.databaseFilePath('test'), 'test');` Make sure you issue a `.close()` when you are finished using the database. If the database file does not exist it will be created using a SQL schema: rhodes\platform\shared\db\res\db\syncdb.schema. Do not use predefined partition names: app, user, local. Do not open the same database file in different partitions. Do not use the same partition for different database files. Do not open the same file twice.## close{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Closes the database. The database will not be accessible until it is opened again.## startTransaction{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Start database transaction. All operations will not be the saved to the database until a commit is executed.## commitTransaction{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Commit database transaction. Saves all updates to the database from the start of the transaction.## rollbackTransaction{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Rollback database transaction. This will cancel any pending actions to the database that were executed since the last Start and before a commit.## lockDb{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Lock database. This method should be used to synchronize Database access with RhoConnect client. The startTransaction method also locks the database but if you're going to read from database, lockDb is faster.## unlockDb{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Unlock database, previously locked by lockDb.## isUiWaitForDb{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Indicates if UI waiting for DB? Should be used in separate thread, which updates database (implementing custom data sync logic). Will be true when database method calls from Main application thread and waits for database.## executeSql{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Execute the sql statement specified in the method's parameters.## executeBatchSql{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Execute a series of sql statements included in the sqlStmt string parameter.## import{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Import the contents of the archived database into the current database.## export{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Exports the contents of the current database to a file.## destroyTable{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Destroys a database table.## destroyTables{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Destroy a list of database tables.## isTableExist{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Will return true or false if the specified table exists in the current database.## setDoNotBackupAttribute{`iOS`}Set "do not backup attribute" for the database file. This is special flag set on files, which will exclude it from iCloud service.