# Rho.NewORMModelNewORMModel CoreAPI module## loaded{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns true if model is loaded.## model_name{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns model's name.## sync_type{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns model's Sync type.## sync_priority{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}This number determines the order in which the models are processed and synchronised. Priority starts from lower value 1. Lower the number, higher is the priority. Default value is 1000.## partition{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns model's Db partition.## source_id{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns model's source_id.## fixed_schema{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns true if the model's type is of fixed schema.## freezed{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns true if the model is frozen.## associations{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns model's associations.## enumerate{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}enumerate method returns array of ORMModel objects.## getModel{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}getModel method returns instance of the ORMModel.## init{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Initializes new model's instance.## initModel{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Initializes model's internal DB.## setBelongsTo{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Using this method, you can set sync association between models. For details [Associations](guide/rhom_ruby#associations)## getBelongsTo{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns info about model's relationships with other models.## set{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Sets model's property to value with additional processing for :sync property.## enable{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Sets model's Boolean property to true (enables model's property)## setModelProperty{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Initializes new model's field property.## getModelProperty{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns info about model's field property.## setSchemaIndex{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Initializes new model's schema index.## destroy{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Destroys model's instance.## createObject{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Initializes model's object and stores it in the DB.## createInstance{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Creates model's instance and initializes model's object but doesn't store it in DB.## anyChangedObjects{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Checks whether the model has any changed objects.## hasChanges{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Checks whether the object has any changes. Returns true when an object is created or updated.## canModify{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Checks whether the object can be modified.## updateObject{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Updates object's attributes in the DB.## saveObject{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Saves (creates if necessary or updates if already exists) object's attributes in the DB.## deleteObject{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Deletes object's attributes from the DB.## deleteObjects{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Deletes all object's according to the specified conditions.It is applicable only for Fixed_schema Model.## deleteObjectsPropertyBagByCondHash{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Deletes all objects for the given Property Bag model according to the specified conditions. It is applicable only for Property bag Model.## deleteObjectsPropertyBagByCondArray{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Deletes all objects for the given Property Bag model according to the specified conditions. It is applicable only for Property bag Model.## getCount{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns total number of objects for the model.## getBackendRefreshTime{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns time string when the source has been synced.## findObjects{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns array of objects for the given model queried according to the specified conditions. It is applicable only for Fixed_schema Model.## findObjectsPropertyBagByCondHash{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns array of objects for the given Property Bag model queried according to the specified conditions. It is applicable only for Property bag Model.## findObjectsPropertyBagByCondArray{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns array of objects for the given Property Bag model queried according to the specified conditions. It is applicable only for Property bag Model.## find_by_sql{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns array of objects for the given model queried according to the specified SQL.## validateFreezedAttribute{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Validates object's frozen attribute.## validateFreezedAttributes{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Validates all object's frozen attributes.## buildComplexWhereCond{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Aux function.## buildFindLimits{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Aux function.## buildFindOrder{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Aux function.## buildFindOrderString{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Aux function. Internally used to make order string.## buildSimpleWhereCond{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Aux function.## clear{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}This method clears all the models and the associated tables with the models. It is used only for testing purpose and not for the developing.## onSyncDeleteError{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Handles sync delete errors for the object.## onSyncUpdateError{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Handles sync update errors for the object.## onSyncCreateError{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Handles sync create errors.## pushChanges{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Pushes all changes for the source. For details [push_changes](api/rhom-api#pushchanges)## make{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Create a new ORM model object JavaScript reference but does not save it to the database. To save this reference to the database, you will need to execute the .save() method.## new{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Initializes new model's instance.## create{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Create a new Rhodes model object and save it to the database. This is the fastest way to insert a single item into the database.## changed?{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns true if a Rhodes model object has local database changes that need to be synchronized, false otherwise.## client_id{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns the current sync client id.## count{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns the number of objects in the named model.## can_modify{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Checks whether the object can be modified.## updateAttributes{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Updates the current Rho model object attributes and saves it to the database. This is the fastest way to add or update model attributes.## update_attributes{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Updates the current Rho model object attributes and saves it to the database. This is the fastest way to add or update model attributes.## paginate{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`} The paginate method takes care of setting the proper page limit and offset when a large number of records are fetched. This method accepts parameters as key-value pairs.
                ## find_all{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}find('all') replaces the legacy ruby method find_all.## save{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Saves the object's attributes in the DB.## deleteAll{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Delete all Rhodes model objects for a source filtering by conditions. This method accepts parameters as key-value pairs. It accept conditions as a parameter.## has{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns true if the model has the propertyName given.## vars{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns an object containing all propertyName and values for the model. You can use myModel.vars().name instead of myModel.get('name').## get_source_id{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns the source id number for this Rhodes model object.
                    Please use the model property source_id.## get_source_name{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns the source name for this Rhodes model object.
                    Please use the model property model_name.## get{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Get the value of a property of the current model.Ex: myModel.get('name'); See also the vars() method.## push_changes{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Pushes all changes for the source.## delete_all{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Delete all Rhodes model objects for a source filtering by conditions. This method accepts parameters as key-value pairs. It accepts 2 keys- conditions and op.## find{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Find model objects.WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Find model objects.