# Rho.ORMThis JavaScript API class allows you to interact with the local RHOM database and programatically add models or get references to models.## databaseFullReset{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Deletes all records from the property bag and model tables.## import{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Import db.## getClientId{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns the current sync client id.## haveLocalChanges{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns true if any of the Rhodes model objects have local database changes that need to be synchronized, false otherwise.## export{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Export db.## databaseFullResetAndLogout{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Deletes all records from the property bag and model tables. Logout the user from RhoConnectClient. For examples, see Resetting the Database in Using the Local Database with ORM.## databaseLocalReset{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Reset only local (non-sync-enabled) models.## databaseFullclientResetAndLogout{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Deletes all records from the property bag and model tables. Logout the user from RhoConnectClient and erase all RhoConnectClient device information. Equivalent to ORM::ORM.databaseFullReset(true) followed by RhoConnectClient.logout.## databaseFullResetEx{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Deletes all records from the property bag and model tables for the model names passed in parameters.## getModel{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns a model.## addModel{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Creates an ORM model reference.