# Rho.Printer
The Printer API module provides access to find, connect, and print over Bluetooth, Wi-Fi and USB from Android and Windows Mobie/CE devices.
## ID{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}Unique printer ID during application lifetime.## deviceName{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}Bluetooth/Network name of printer.## printerType{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}Type of printer - see PRINTER_TYPE_... constants.## deviceAddress{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}**IP address for Wi-Fi connection**, Bluetooth(R) MAC address or device serial number. Note: iOS uses device serial number instead of MAC address. If you need to get device MAC you can use CPCL command ! U1 getvar "bluetooth.address" ## devicePort{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}Default port when connecting with TCP/IP.## connectionType{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}Type of connection to printer.## isConnected{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}**Connection status flag**. All other properties are valid only if isConnect = true. Note: This property does not guarantee a real connection, because all real device functionality is processed in separate thread asynchronously. If you want a real physical connection, use `requestState()` method with receive result in the callback. This is the only guaranteed method of processing real requests to the device and analyzing answers from the device.## enumerateSupportedTypes{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}**Immediately returns an array with supported printer types**. The result depends on your build configuration. Each extension is linked to application during build. To add or remove support for any printer type, update extension list in the `build.yml`. ## searchPrinters{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}**Searches for printers connected to the device via Bluetooth(R), Wi-Fi or USB**. To reduce search times, it is highly recommended that searches for wireless connections be done by specific MAC address (Bluetooth) or IP address (Wi-Fi). This method also can be used to retrieve the printerID for a known Bluetooth or network printer specifying the `deviceAddress` options parameter. Result is returned asynchronously using a callback called for each discovered printer. Search is finished if printerID is not set in callback hash. Note that discovery is not guaranteed to return all the available devices. It is therefore recommended that this method run 2-3 times for maximum accuracy. 

                    **NOTE**: On certain Android devices, calling searchPrinters() over Bluetooth or TCP can cause the application to freeze momentarily or to display an alert that "The application has stopped responding." In such cases, it is recommended that the user tap the "Continue waiting" button. 
                ## stopSearch{`iOS`, `Android`}**Immediately stops all active search requests and cancels pending search requests**. Does not return a result.## getPrinterByID{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}**Returns printer instance specified by printerId**. Returns null is no printers contains the ID. To get valid printerId, use searchPrinters function.## connect{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}**Connect to a printer using default options**. Works asynchronously; use callback to check the result. If connection is successful printer state and properties are automatically updated. **Note: Default options are defined by printer SDK and platform and may vary between different devices.## connectWithOptions{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}**Connect to a printer with user options**. Works asynchronously; use callback to check the result. After this function call, the printer state is automatically updated.## requestState{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}**Requests printer state with a list of parameters**. Works asynchronously and uses the callback to check the result. Returns hash with status and parameters as keys. **NOTE: On the Windows Mobile / Windows CE platform, this method does not work in the case of a Bluetooth and USB connection.## disconnect{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}Disconnect from a printer and release OS resources. Works asynchronously; use callback to check the result.## printFile{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}**Prints file**. Works asynchronously; use callback to check the result. File extension is used to determine its type. Supported image types: JPEG and PNG.## printImageFromFile{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}**Prints an image from a device's file system to the connected printer as a monochrome image**. Works asynchronously; use callback to check the result. Images larger than 1024x768 might take a long time or print incorrectly. Consult printer documentation for image printing parameters.
            ## printRawString{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}**Send raw string to printer**. Works asynchronously, use callback to check the result. **Note: This method will not print ZPL commands from Windows Mobile/CE devices to Zebra printers; compatible with line mode or raw text only.## enumerateSupportedControlLanguages{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}**Returns an array with languages supported by this printer**.