# Rho.PrinterZebraThe PrinterZebra API provides Zebra-specific API access to Zebra's Bluetooth and Wi-Fi network printers, and to USB-capable printers for Android and Windows Mobile/CE. This API inherits all methods, properties and constants from the [Printer API](#api-printing).## retrieveFileNames{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}Retrieves the names of the files which are stored on the printer. Works asynchronously; use callback to check the result.## retrieveFileNamesWithExtensions{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}This method only returns files which have the extensions in "extensions". Works asynchronously; use callback to check the result.## sendFileContents{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}Sends the contents of a file on the device to the printer. Equals to printing raw string with content of specified file. Should be used to print ZPL and CPCL commands stored inside predefined filed. Works asynchronously; use callback to check the result.## printStoredFormatWithHash{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}Prints a stored format on the printer, filling in the fields specified by the Hash. Works asynchronously; use callback to check the result.## printStoredFormatWithArray{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}Prints a stored format on the printer, filling in the fields specified by the array. Works asynchronously; use callback to check the result.## storeImage{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}Stores the specified image to the connected printer as a monochrome image. Works asynchronously; use callback to check the result. The image will be stored on the printer at printerDriveAndFileName with the extension GRF. If a drive letter is not supplied, E will be used as the default (e.g. FILE becomes E:FILE.GRF). If an extension is supplied, it is ignored (E:FILE.BMP becomes E:FILE.GRF). Note that if the image resolution is large (e.g. 1024x768) this method may take a long time to execute. There are device OS limitations on supported file formats and image sizes. iOS, Android and WM are supporting only JPG and PNG files. WM can fail to handle large (>1024x1024 pixel) images.