# Rho.RhoFileThis API provides several methods for access to files and folders found on the device's local file system.## open{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Opens file in a mode specified by the "mode" parameter.## close{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Closes file. Once Close method is invoked, no file object will be alive.## isOpened{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Checks if file is opened.## read{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Reads specified number of characters from current position of the file.## readAll{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Reads all file contents to the string object.## write{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Writes the provided string at current position in the file.## flush{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Flushes all buffered data to the storage media.## seek{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Sets file position to specified value from the beginning of the file.## size{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns file size.## copy{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Copies file from "from" (source) to "to" (destination).## rename{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Renames / moves file.## makeDir{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Creates directory with the provided path. If all top-level nodes of the path doesn't exists, directory will not be created.## exists{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Checks if specified path exists.## getFileSize{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns size of the file.## isDir{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Checks if specified path is a directory.## isFile{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Checks if specified path is a file.## deleteFile{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Deletes file.## deleteDir{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Deletes specified directory. The specified directory must be empty to be deleted.## makeDirs{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Creates directory and all top-level directories if necessary. Subsequent isDir call is necessary to check if path was successfully created.## deleteRecursive{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Deletes all directory contents.## listDir{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Lists all entries of specified directory.## basename{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Return basename part for the specified path. Will remove any prefix up to the last path separator ('/' or '\' depending on platform). Example: for path '/full/path/to/file.ext' basename will return 'file.ext'. ## dirname{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns directory name part of the specified path.## join{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Joins two parts of the path considering all necessary path delimiters. I.e.: join('/path/to','file') will return '/path/to/file' ## read{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Reads specified file to a string object.