# Rho.SensorThe Sensors extension is used to retrieve the raw data values of the specified sensors (accelerometer, tilt angle, device orientation, motion, eCompass, magnetometer, gyroscope, ambient light, proximity, proximity long range, pressure, temperature, humidity, gravity, linear acceleration, rotation, orientation etc.) from the device. To use this, you have to first call makeSensorByType to get an instance of that sensor. Then you can use the start and stop methods on that instance.
        ## minimumGap{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}The minimum amount of time gap between two sensor update events, specified in milliseconds. The interval cannot be set to less than 200 milliseconds, if a value of less than 200 milliseconds is specified, the interval will be defaulted to 200 milliseconds.## type{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Type of current sensor: Accelerometer, Magnetometer, etc.## status{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Current status: not_ready, ready, started, error etc.## makeSensorByType{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}Return the new sensor object by type.## start{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}This enables the sensor data retrieval. Call start on the instance returned from the makeSensorByType.## readData{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}Read current sensor data from the sensor object retrieved by using makeSensorByType.## stop{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}Stops listening to the sensor retrieved by using makeSensorType. On Windows Mobile/CE its recommended to call stop on all retrieved sensor objects before exiting a page.