# Rho.SignalIndicatorsThe Signal API is used to notify the user of the strength of the WLAN signal.  For Windows Mobile / CE, only Symbol devices are supported and it is also possible to display a small indicator showing the available signal.  The WLAN signal strength is not available on Windows Phone 8 and therefore this API is not supported on that platform.## refreshInterval{`WM`, `iOS`}A callback to retrieve the signal strength can be specified to occur periodically with the wlanStatus method. This value specifies the periodicity of the callback as well as the update frequency of the indicator icon, if shown. On Android this value is not used as the signal icon will be updated as soon as the signal strength changes.## wlanStatus{`Android`, `WM`, `iOS`}Retrieve the current signal status. If a callback is provided to retrieve the signal then it will be called periodically at the specified refreshInterval. On Android, instead of being called periodically, the callback will be called when one of the below values changes.## stopWlanStatus{`Android`, `WM`, `iOS`}If the signal is being retrieved via callback, by a previously invoked call to wlanStatus, this method will stop the callback from firing.## showIcon{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Overlays a small signal icon on top of the view indicating the remaining signal strength. This is particularly useful in full screen applications which cover the system signal level indicator.## hideIcon{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Hide the icon if it has been previously set by the 'showIcon' call.