# Rho.Signaturecreates a rectangular box within which the user can draw by using a finger or the device's stylus to record handwritten data. Common usages for this tag include the capture of client/customer signatures and the input of handwritten text/notations. It is recommended to not to rotate the device when Signature window is shown.## compressionFormat{`Android`, `WM`, `iOS`}Compression format of the image file for the captured signature. On WM/CE, irrespective of setting any format, the output format will be of bitmap type. On WM/CE, when compressionFormat is queried, it will be of bitmap type always.## outputFormat{`Android`, `WM`, `iOS`}The return type of the saved signature capture image.## fileName{`Android`, `WM`, `iOS`}The filename in which to store the signature image, if "image" is used as the outputFormat. The file extension is determined by the compressionFormat used.## border{`WM`, `Android`}Shows or hides a border for the rectangular capture area. Not applicable to full-screen signature capture area.## penColor{`Android`, `WM`, `iOS`}RGB or ARGB value that sets the color of the stylus pen ink using HTML web colors.## penWidth{`Android`, `WM`, `iOS`}Sets the width of the pen line in pixels when using the device's stylus. On Android this setting will also be applied to any previously drawn signature currently displayed. It is advised that you keep this at 5 or less.## bgColor{`Android`, `WM`, `iOS`}RGB or ARGB value that sets the background color of the signature capture area.## left{`Android`, `WM`, `iOS`}The coordinates in pixels of the left side of the signature capture area. Not applicable to full-screen signature capture area.## top{`Android`, `WM`, `iOS`}The coordinates in pixels of the top side of the signature capture area. Not applicable to full-screen signature capture area.## width{`Android`, `WM`, `iOS`}The width of the signature capture area in pixels. Not applicable to full-screen signature capture area.## height{`Android`, `WM`, `iOS`}The height of the signature capture area in pixels. Not applicable to full-screen signature capture area.## takeFullScreen{`Android`, `WM`, `iOS`}Shows a modal window with signature capture area and UI (toolbar with buttons) for cancel / capture and return to main application window. The callback is fired when the signature window is closed (when in full-screen) or when capture is called. On WM/CE, the signature area has visible buttons for 'clear', 'capture' and 'cancel'. In Android / iOS, the signature area has images which will behave as buttons for 'clear', 'capture' and 'cancel'. This function open modal full screen window therefore, other functions related to in-line signature capture (work with inside browser window area) do not affect the capture window shown by this function.## show{`Android`, `WM`, `iOS`}Show in-line signature window. This function works with a non-modal signature capture area shown inside browser window. All in-line signature capture functions (like this) do not has affect the capture area shown in takeFullScreen (modal full screen capture area).## capture{`Android`, `WM`, `iOS`}Captures the in-line signature area as an image. This function works with a non-modal signature capture area shown inside browser window. All in-line signature capture functions (like this) do not has affect the capture area shown in takeFullScreen (modal full screen capture area).## clear{`Android`, `WM`, `iOS`}Clears an in-line capture area. This function works with a non-modal signature capture area shown inside browser window. All in-line signature capture functions (like this) do not has affect to capture area shown in takeFullScreen (modal full screen capture area) ## hide{`Android`, `WM`, `iOS`}Hides an in-line capture area from view. It clears the inputed signature for in-line signature areas. In a hidden state, a user cannot interact with the signature capture area. This function work with non-modal signature capture area showed inside browser window. All in-line signature capture functions (like this) do not has affect to capture area showed in takeFullScreen (modal full screen capture area) ## setVectorCallback{`WM`, `Android`}Signature data is formatted into a series of vectors and returned to the application via this callback function. The received data may not represent the entire signature as the vectors will be sent in batches if the signature is large. A single vector (array entry) contains an X, Y coordinate and the beginning / end of the signature is defined by (65535, 65535). This callback is independent of the callback of the capture method, when specified the callback will be called whenever a 'pen up' occurs in the signature box.