# Rho.SmartCradleThe SmartCradle API is used to set and retrieve attributes of the MC18 Cradle## chargeState{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Sets the charge state of the cradle.  Values can be either 'Fast' or 'Slow'.## rowId{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}The current Row ID of the cradle in the matrix. In Android, the range of rowId is 0 to 255.## columnId{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}The current Column ID of the cradle in the matrix. In Android, the range of columnId is 0 to 255.## wallId{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}The current Wall ID of the cradle in the matrix. In Android, the range of wallId is 0 to 255.## hardwareId{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Hardware ID of the cradle## partNumber{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Part number of the cradle.## serialNumber{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Serial number of the cradle.## mfgDate{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Manufacture date of the cradle in DD-MM-YY format. Not Applicable for Android.## driverVersion{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Driver version of the cradle. Not Applicable for Android.## cApiVersion{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}CAPI version of the cradle. Not Applicable for Android.## firmwareVersion{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Firmware version of the cradle.## unlock{`Android`, `CE`}Unlocks the terminal from the cradle for the specified period. For Android, the smoothing effect by default is false.## unlockEx{`Android`}Unlocks the terminal from the cradle for the specified period. For Android, the smoothing effect by default is false.## flashLed{`Android`}The LED can be flashed to identify device location without unlocking the cradle.