# Rho.SystemThe System API is used to control and modify core aspects of the device such as the screen, OS and device capabilities.## main_window_closed{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}It is internal property for using in debugger (signal for main window close).## platform{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Platform where application is running.## hasCamera{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}Returns true if there is a camera available on the device.## screenWidth{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Screen width in logical pixels (used for set coordinates).## screenHeight{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Screen height in logical pixels (used for set coordinates).## realScreenWidth{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Screen width in real pixels.## realScreenHeight{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Screen height in real pixels.## screenOrientation{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Current screen orientation.## ppiX{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Horizontal PPI (Pixels Per Inch).## ppiY{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Vertical PPI (Pixels Per Inch).## deviceOwnerEmail{`Android`}Primary email of phone owner. To access this property 'pim' capability must be enabled in your build.yml.## deviceOwnerName{`Android`}Name(account name) of phone owner. To access this property 'pim' capability must be enabled in your build.yml.## devicePushId{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Push notifications device ID which may be used to receive push messages.To get this ID , Push service should be configured on the device. Please refer to Push documentation.## phoneId{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}Hardware based ID. It depends on capabilities configured for an application and has to remain same even across application uninstall/install.(except iOS ! - on iOS unisntall/reinstall will update this property - used UIDebice.identifierForVendor)## deviceName{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Name of device application running on. Examples: '9000' (BB), 'iPhone', 'dream' (Android). In Consumer Android device, name of the Industrial Design along with manufacturer name shall be shown. ## osVersion{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Version OS of device. Examples:  '4.1' (Android).## locale{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Current device locale Like 'en', 'ru' etc.## country{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Current device country code.## isEmulator{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns true if the application is running on a platform emulator.## isRhoSimulator{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns true if the application is running on RhoSimulator.## hasCalendar{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns true if calendar support is available.## isSymbolDevice{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns true if the device supports Symbol device capabilities. APIs will indicate if the property or method is available on Symbol devices only. You can use this property to help your application decide when to take advantage of advanced Symbol capabilities.## oemInfo{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}The OEM Information string for the terminal.## uuid{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}The Unique Unit IDentifier for the terminal.## applicationIconBadge{`iOS`}Set the application icon to have this badge number. Set to 0 (zero) to remove badge.## httpProxyURI{`WM`, `Win32`, `iOS`, `Android`}Set HTTP proxy parameters for using the Network module. Example: 'user:password@url:port'. Supports basic authentication only. Do not include 'http://'. Setting this property overrides http_proxy_uri, http_proxy_host, http_proxy_port, http_proxy_user and http_proxy_password. Proxy settings for Windows Mobile/CE with Zebra WebKit should be configured in the config.xml file.## lockWindowSize{`Win32`}Lock / unlock the window size change by the user. When running on RhoSimulator, this method is supported only for Windows OS.## keyboardState{`WM`}For Windows Mobile and Windows CE the keyboard can be manually shown or hidden as required. All other platforms only support 'automatic'. The default state for Windows Mobile and Windows CE is manual, for all other platforms it is automatic.## localServerPort{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Port of the local (embedded) HTTP server. This parameter is mainly for debug purposes. If not specified, the platform will detect a free port on the device and use that one.## NodejsServerPort{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Port of the local (embedded) Node.js HTTP server if it started (only for Node.js type applications).## freeServerPort{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Get free local server port, available for binding.## externalStorageDirectoryPath{`Android`}Return the primary shared/external storage directory. This directory may not currently be accessible if it has been mounted by the user on their computer, has been removed from the device, or some other problem has happened.## screenAutoRotate{`iOS`, `Android`}Screen auto rotate.## hasTouchscreen{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns true if the device has touch screen capabilities.  For Win32 desktop builds this API will return whether mouse support is available.## webviewFramework{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Browser framework identity string.## screenSleeping{`iOS`, `Android`}If true, then screen will go to sleep by system inactivity timeout. If false then screen never go to sleep while application is in foreground.## hasNetwork{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Use Network.hasNetwork to tell if the device is connected to the network.## hasWifiNetwork{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Use Network.hasWifiNetwork to tell if the device is connected to the wifi network.## hasCellNetwork{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Use Network.hasCellNetwork to tell if device is connected to the cell network.## hasSqlite{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Returns true if the device has sqlite capabilities (previously only BlackBerry did not support this).## applicationInstall{`Android`, `WM`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Install an application.## isApplicationInstalled{`Android`, `WM`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Checks if the specified applicationName is installed on the device.## applicationUninstall{`Android`, `Win32`, `WM`}Uninstall the application. Not Supported on Windows CE devices.## getStartParams{`Android`, `CE`, `Win32`, `WM`}Return the command line parameters. At Android start parameters are returned as URL query string starting with '?', name-value delimiter '=' and name value pairs delimiter '&'.## openUrl{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Open the application associated with the URL. Behavior may be different on different platforms and depend on installed software. For example, open URL with http:// prefix will execute the Web Browser installed on system and open URL in executed browser. Note: For opening pdf files on android devices it is necessary to add option "no_compression: [ pdf ]" to android section in build.yml. In android, "sms:","mailto:","tel:","http:","https:","file:" are supported. For file url the proper permission and path has to be given. For external storage space fully qualified path has to be given.(Example:-file:///storage/sdcard/sample.jpg).  Hence only external storage space and userFolder are supported for file uri in android.
                ## unzipFile{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Unzip file.## zipFile{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Zip one file. Zip archive must placed to the folder where application can write files. ## zipFiles{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Zip list of files.## setRegistrySetting{`WM`}Set a value in the device registry. Only applicable on Windows Mobile / Embedded Handheld and CE devices. When running on RhoSimulator, this method is supported only for Windows OS.## getRegistrySetting{`WM`}Retrieve a value from the device registry. Only applicable on Windows Mobile / Embedded Handheld and CE devices. When running on RhoSimulator, this method is supported only for Windows OS.## deleteRegistrySetting{`WM`}Deletes the specified value from the device registry. Only applicable on Windows Mobile / Embedded Handheld and CE devices. When running on RhoSimulator, this method is supported only for Windows OS.## setWindowFrame{`Win32`}Change application window position and size.## setWindowPosition{`Win32`}Change application window position.## setWindowSize{`Win32`}Change application window size.## bringToFront{`WM`}Bring application window to the top of the screen.## replaceCurrentBundle{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Replace application bundle.## deleteFolder{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Delete folder.## setDoNotBackupAttribute{`iOS`}Set do not backup attribute for file.## isBlobAttr{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Use Database.SQLite3.isBlobAttr: is model attribute is blob.## updateBlobAttribs{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Use Database.updateBlobAttribs: update model blob attributes list.## get_locale{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Use System.locale property: Current device locale.## set_locale{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Use Application.setLocale method: set application specific locale.## setPushNotification{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Use Push.setPushNotification: Register push callback, the method to call upon receiving a push message.## setScreenRotationNotification{`Android`, `WM`, `iOS`}Use ScreenOrientation.setScreenOrientationEvent: Notify (call a callback method) when the screen rotates.## exit{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Use Application.quit: exit application.## set_sleeping{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Use System.screenSleeping property: enable / disable phone sleeping.## startTimer{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Start timer. (It's works only with Ruby)## stopTimer{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Stop timer. (It's works only with Ruby)## setNetworkStatusNotify{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Use Network.setStatusNotify: set network notification callback.## clearNetworkStatusNotify{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Use Network.clearStatusNotify: Clear network status callback.## set_http_proxy_url{`CE`, `WIN32`, `WM`}Use System.httpProxyURI property: To use client with the HTTP proxy.## unset_http_proxy{`CE`, `WIN32`, `WM`}Use System.httpProxyURI property: Stop using HTTP proxy that was set by the command line, rhoconfig.txt or set_http_proxy_url.## set_application_icon_badge{`iOS`}Use System.applicationIconBadge: Set the application icon to have this badge number. Set to 0 (zero) to remove badge.iOS only.## runApplication{`Android`, `WM`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Run an application.## hideSplashScreen{`Android`}Hide Splash Screen if delay is configured as -1 in rhoconfig.txt## getSystemInfo{`iOS`, `Android`}Gathers system dependent information ( hw info, installed packages etc ). Return key/value pairs depend on platform.