# Rho.Videocapturecaptures video files from the default camera device.Only the foreground application is given access to capture video, when an application is sent to the background any capture that is in progress will be canceled and it will automatically relinquish control of the video hardware. When brought back to the foreground, an application previously using the video capture will have its previous configuration (eg. name etc.) reapplied to the plug-in automatically. Please note that any file transfer that is in progress continues even if the application is sent to the background.## duration{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}Specifies the number of milliseconds of video to capture. This is the maximum number of milliseconds of video to capture when the 'start' method is called if not interrupted with the 'stop' method. The duration cannot be set to less than 1000 milliseconds, if a value of less than 1000 milliseconds is specified, the interval will be defaulted to 5000 milliseconds.## fileName{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}The path and name of the file that the video is saved to locally on the device. When the video capture completes the file is saved in the root directory of the device (In case of Android this is the external storage directory). For example, if the user specifies '/video/file1' then the file gets saved as '/mnt/sdcard/video/file1.mp4' in Android, and as '\video\file1.mov' on Windows. The file extension should not be provided as this is determined by the platform (.mp4 in Android and .mov in Windows). On iOS you'll need to provide the entire path, including the extension, which should be .MOV.## saveToGallery{`Android`, `CE`, `WM`}Specifies whether or not to save the recorded video file into the device gallery.## resolution{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}The resolution of the video file to be captured.## start{`Android`, `CE`, `iOS`, `WM`}Starts capturing video until either 'stop' is received, or 'duration' is reached. NOTE: On Android this meta tag wouldn't immediately start recording and presents a preview window with controls (start, stop and cancel) for recording.## stop{`WM`}Stops capturing video and either saves the file locally, or transfers it to a remote server. NOTE: This is not applicable for Android and iOS as the video capture window is full screen and provides a button to stop the video capture. Please note that the file transfer happens as specified even if we don't call the stop method.## cancel{`WM`}Stops capturing video and discards any captured video data. No file transfer takes place if the video capture is canceled. NOTE: This is not applicable for Android and iOS as the video capture window is full screen and provides a button to cancel the video capture.## enumerate{`Android`, `CE`, `Sailfish`, `WM`, `WP8`, `Win32`, `iOS`}Enumerates all the available cameras for capturing video.